Explanation of the Keyboard Bidding Alert support
-------------------------------------------
This describes the 2nd iteration of keyboard bidding alert support.

The new event listener is only set up if the "Keyboard entry for
bidding/play" toggle is enabled in Settings.  So for people who don't
enable that toggle, none of the new listeners or observers will be
used.  Currently this toggle is only checked from
setBiddingButtonEvents, i.e. when when the bidding box becomes
visible.  So if someone starts a table and only then switches on the
toggle, the support doesn't get enabled right then.  We could listen
for the toggle to change at all times but I didn't do that.

Note: In BBO, keyboard bids are of the form levelKey+SuitKey(e.g.,
'1N'), or P(pass) or D(double) or R(redouble) followed by "Enter" for
OK.  The current handlers I believe work whether Confirm Bids is set
or not, although I have tested more with Confirm Bids = 'Y'.

From a design consideration, the main difference between keyboard
bidding entry and mouse bidding entry is that in keyboard bidding it
is possible to enter an "insufficient" or "illegal" bid.  Examples
would be typing in "1" and "C" when the auction is already at 1S.  Or
typing in "D" for double when your partner rather than the opps made
the last bid. The base BBO keyboard bid listener of course ignores
such bids but if we just have a listener for keyboard events we would
also need to match the BBO logic rather than automatically feed them
to the findAlert matcher.

A related keyboard bidding quirk is that the key "D" can be
interpreted by BBO as the suit Diamonds if preceded by a legal bid
number or for "Double" if not.  Normally this does not cause any
confusion unless the numeric bid level was "insufficient".  So if the
bidding is at 1S and someone types in 1+D, BBO ignores the 1 part and
treats it as an entry for Double.

It's true that such insufficient mis-bids are probably rare and are
probably unlikely to match anything in findAlert(), so one design
option would be just to ignore the illegality check feed all entries
to getAlert().

Instead, I tried to check the legality of a keyboard bid before
submitting to getAlert() so that it would only call getAlert() with
the patterns that the BBO handler recognizes.

In functions.js I converted a few "catch {" statements to "catch (e) {"
because the syntax checker I was using was complaining but that had
nothing to do with the keyboard bidding support.  You can feel free to
revert those if you want.


